"Only I get to call that bitch faggot, bitch," Skyler shouted, loud enough to quiet the busy hall. It was the first day of our senior year, and the two of us were right back at it, picking fights with rich kids --

"I say what I want, faggot," Kelley spat back, "Free speech. Faggot faggot faggot."

-- the only shitstains we couldn't educate.

Kelley had addressed me, initially. Skyler was just there, next to me, like always, and he was the one between us who would react physically to taking offense. Kelley's deployment of banal slurs didn't particularly impact me, like they hadn't since I last cried about them in freshman year. Since then I understood: their hangups were about them, not me.

Kelley's boyfriend Ted, a million-pound linebacker a foot taller than Skyler, stood torn between ogling me and answering Skyler's affront to his girlfriend. A green circle skirt, a black blouse, white knee-socks, black flats -- it was so normcore that the new crop of freshman hadn't looked at me any different than any female senior, primarily to gaze in wonder at the product of three additional years of puberty. That my puberty had the quality of being chosen was something they had no right to know.

Ted seemed to especially like my knee-socks. Shocked back to reality by a glare from Kelley, he mocked a lunge at Skyler, stopping after mobilizing his musculature all of a foot forward, like watching a heavy-duty pickup put the gas to the ground only to brake hard immediately. A lumbering giant in full motion, displaying only inertia.

"Suck a dick, Ted," Skyler laughed in his face, "Or maybe Kelley can man up and peg you, if she's willing to deal with a hole I fucking bet you've never washed."

Ted blinked. The array of sexual innuendo and insults moved through his gelatinous consciousness slowly, like he wasn't sure yet whether to be offended or tantalized. He chose, uncomprehending, to be offended.

"Faggot," was all he said.

"Losers," I replied, the venom of the statement like a sweet sangria on my tongue. Without another word, I turned and walked on.

Skyler followed. He chuckled, "God, I love hating those assholes."

"I pity them. Do you think we pity each other, for different reasons?"

"Fuck it, who knows. Who cares. They'll grow up and know better or end up selling vacuums and mattresses."

"Yeah? And you, graduating into a career as a kung-fu fighter?"

"Acting, sissy. Chicano Jackie Chan, like a real-life Goku. Maybe you'll write my scripts."

"Hm, I know you love seeing me on camera," I winked.

"Yeah well," he blushed, throwing his shoulders back to try and stay cool, "I know you're hard for literacy. So. Take that."

"Whatever, faggot," I threw him a raspberry as we ducked into first period: video production.

Ms Seville glared at me. "Language, Billie. This is a classroom."

"Sorry, Ms Seville," I nodded demurely and took a seat. She deserved our respect, had earned it, and didn't need the trouble we tended to make.

"Yeah, sissy, language," Skyler whispered as he sat next to me, grinning. "As TA, it's my job now to police that ass."

I shouldered him, "Fuck the police."

"Talk back like that, you're gonna regret it." His grin had grown wolfish, and I was starting to blush too much to come up with a retort. The bell saved me from my own failing charisma as class began.

Ms Seville leaned on a desk at the front of the vast room, twice as large as a normal classroom. It had been a shop class, with serious ventilation and a parking lot entrance fit for a truck, until funding dried up, like it had for every language program except French and Spanish, and those shared one teacher. Ms Seville had a routine, which we already knew: she clapped four times, we snapped twice to acknowledge; repeat until quiet is achieved. Skyler and I snapped faithfully, like most of the returning cohort. It took only three repetitions for the newbies to get it.

"Welcome to another wonderful year of high school, you unfortunate souls. This is video production, and if you're in the wrong class, too bad, I'm keeping you. Just kidding. If you're in the beginner cohort, you'll spend the semester getting familiar with camerawork, editing techniques, and cinema critique. That is, you will make movies, watch movies, and tell me what you think about movies. That's the class. The returning cohort will help you out, and face some higher expectations you can read about on the syllabus. My TA Skyler can answer any of your questions, help you understand assignments, and will even grade some of your homework. Stand up, Skyler. Introduce yourself."

He was only a few inches taller than me, but as he rose to his feet (groaning to be singled out), his stature exuded command. Even the freshmen and transfers who had no idea he was *the school bully* shrank at the sight of him.

"Hey kids. I'm Skyler. I love movies, you love movies, so let's be good and this'll be good, alright? Ms Seville rocks, so you'd *better* be good to her. Talk to me about homework, cuz I'll be grading the assignments that are annoying to grade. Talk to me about movies, cuz movies rule. Talk to me about editing, cuz that's movie magic, baby. Alright."

He slumped back into his seat, exhausted by public speaking. He could be loud when talking shit, but being a kindly elder didn't come as naturally.

"Thank you, Skyler. Now then -- roll call."

Ms Seville knew to call me by my name -- the one I insisted on -- rather than my government name, the one on the roster. Billie, not William. Next period, Mr Rohl seemed to have rehearsed his rejection of my request.

"I don't use nicknames," the gaunt biology teacher said firmly, splaying his hands as if there was nothing he could do about his own choices, "I use what's on the roster."

"Dick move, dude. Do I look like a William?"

"Don't talk b--" he began, then swallowed his anger. "It doesn't matter what you look like, *William*. I don't use nicknames. You'll have to update it in the registry to make sure everything is above board."

"You mean change it with the government."

He leaned back in his chair, dwarfing it without filling it, with how uncannily *long* his body was. The model skeleton behind him wore his corpsman badge and a USMC camo cap. The man grinned like a skeleton, embracing that I was already giving up on him.

"Well, yes. That is the legal procedure."

"What if I don't want the government to know? They're not exactly the good guys, dude."

"This isn't the place for politics, William," he repeated that name like a jab, rubbing the bridge of his nose to couch his little vengeance in how personally exhausting I was to him, "You know the procedure. I don't use nicknames. That's it."

"Alright, Mr Rogers."

"Mr Rohl."

"I *only* use nicknames. How does it feel?"

His anger went from simmering to a low boil, flattening his tone. "Do I need to send you to the principal's office, young man? The next period is already filing in and you're becoming disruptive."

"Nah, it's chill, Mr Rogers, I'll see myself out. Have a great day, neighbor."

I had already turned away, but I heard his chair scrape as he stood up, and shouted at me all of nothing.

Ms Argyle, teaching College English, didn't protest when I answered "my name is Billie, with an i-e" during roll-call. She blinked, squinted through her horn-rimmed glasses, and nodded. "Billie, thank you," she said, making a note on her attendance sheet. She moved on, but glanced at me a few more times, measuring that it would have been more trouble than otherwise to make a fuss about names, even if she didn't understand anything about me.

Mr Grumm, fourth period study hall, didn't take roll call. He began with the terse pronouncement, "Either you're here, or you're wasting your time. Use your time wisely: to study. I care about your future like any teacher, but you have to care about it most of all."

I spent the time writing in my journal about two astronauts who found themselves on a planet of especially gross worms. I got as far by the time the bell rang for next period as for one of them to say to the other, "My god, they're sentient. Sentient worms." First drafts are rarely good.

Fifth period free gave me a long lunch, that Skyler and I spent making out on a back road a few miles from the school. The whole town sat squarely in lumber country, two hours from the state's capitol and only city, so there were plenty of little-traveled places where the deep green could hide us. Oaks and pines, still a few years from being cut, swallowed his moss-agate hatchback, like his worn-out blankets swallowed us in the back of it.

He wasn't romantic with me. On some level, the idiot still considered himself straight, like someday he'd kick this habit of fucking his best friend to marry an upright Catholic latina, because it would be proper to do so. I didn't imagine he was thinking that hard, but I read it in his flippancy, the mechanical, animal urgency of satisfying each other. He gripped my hips and waist and thighs the way men do to women in his pornos, but those women didn't have dicks, and got fucked in a different hole than he fucked me.

In the comedown -- what someday we would call aftercare, or its lack -- he would go right back to treating me like his best friend, his dude, his bruh. From the glove compartment, he tossed me wet-wipes, and after using one for his junk and another for his hands, chewed a breath mint the way another man might smoke a cigarette.

"Want one?" he offered, nonchalant.

I took one and said, "Wouldn't want Mrs Vella knowing what your dick smells like."

"Dude, gross. She's like, sixty. Did they even suck dicks when she was growing up?"

"Hm, fellatio *is* a recent technology, but not as recent as eating ass."

"Those poor savages. The past was a barbaric place. God I wish she'd like, actually go to Mexico though. She's got that Spaniard lisp when she talks, and her R's are, like, just wrong."

"When was the last time you went to Mexico?"

He was quiet for a moment, staring at the steering wheel, through it. Then he perked up and said, "The *next* time I go to Mexico will be after I graduate and drop this bumpkin backwater. Then my Spanish will be even better than hers." He turned the key and began driving us back to school.

I instantly regretted asking, and tried playing it off, "Maybe we can go together."

"You, gringo? Wouldn't you rather go to France, frenchie?"

"I want to go lots of places, dude. It's a big world. French is spoken throughout Africa, too."

"You wanna go to Africa? Where?"

"The real question, Sky, is whether you want to come with me."

"*Jay and Silent Bob hit Senegal*," he mused, casting us as the stoner goofball duo we resembled in his mind. We didn't smoke weed -- no connect in a bumpkin backwater -- but, as he would say, is not stoner a state of mind?

"Do you think Jay ever calls Silent Bob a sissy?"

"Pfft," he punched my arm, one hand on the wheel, "Why would he? Bob doesn't wear skirts. Wouldn't work with his beard. See, they fuck like actual faggots."

"What's not actual about us?"

He cocked his head and furrowed his eyebrows, glancing over at me, particularly my chest, and spent more than a few seconds churning rusty gears in his head. He offered little eventually, just, "You know. The gender troll thing."

"Can a gay guy not fuck with the straights? They see me and get the wrong idea and it's like--"

"It's so funny, dude. Then you drop the bass and their world explodes, like *pkhoo-pshew*, like an attack from the Death Star of guys with tits."

We laughed about it freely, almost thoughtlessly. I wasn't a woman using a feminine variation of my given name; I was a guy using drugs and clothes to mess with strangers, like an elaborate prank skit spanning five years to date. I didn't resent Mr Rohl for disrespecting me, but for messing up my joke. I didn't want to press Skyler about categorizing our intimacy. I just wanted him.

...

Pulling up to my crumbling house after school, Skyler said flatly, "Later, dude."

"Later," I replied, stepping out and closing the door. The mass-produced one-story house had come off a train fifty years ago, and seen little maintenance since. The wreck of the family's car sat in the driveway, filled with belongings no one had touched in years. The land had begun to reclaim it with moss and rot. Why get a license? To drive *that*? I dared only enter it in a hazmat suit.

I didn't kick off my shoes as I entered the house like I did at Skyler's because the floor was as dirty as outdoors. Inside, by the door, my father sat in an impression made in his image in a lazyboy, facing the TV that was on as long as he was awake. He barely glanced away from the news as I entered.

"Son, you look like a thai fuckin ladyboy. What in the hell is wrong with you?"

"If you had more than two neurons to rub together, maybe you could figure it out."

"You ungrateful... if I still had even one leg, I'd shove it so far up your ass you'd-"

"Be nice, Jack," my mother drawled from the bathroom, pruning in the tub as was her habit whenever she wasn't out of pills. Ope out the pain like water down the drain, they say -- except, the tub wouldn't drain until she got out to go to bed. Even cold water pleased her better than dry air. "Be nice, Billy."

A man as rigid as a wooden block added from the TV, "Is marriage expansion a terrorist plot? More after this ad break."

Speaking my mind any further wouldn't help, so I just walked on to my room. If I slammed my door, it would show I was hurt, so I closed it gently. Muscle memory separated my feelings from my behavior.

I set down my bag and turned on my computer, a last-gen castaway from a middle school library, rescued by a pawn shop tinkerer who first accepted more castaways in payment, but years later, for repairs, accepted photos.

"You're 18, right?" was all he'd asked, so I showed him my ID. A year later, I was a 19-year-old senior. Being held back in elementary offered strange perks, and even podunk logfolk could appreciate panties with a bulge.

That was more or less how I'd gotten my estrogen in the first place, but several years before I was a legal adult. Libertarians in encrypted chatrooms were happy to help someone whose age they could never verify, who tantalized them with words alone. I could get any kind of drug from those gun-loving troglodytes, but when I asked for estradiol valerate, they either balked for socially conservative reasons or perked up even further. In the words of the one who came through, "Now I know you're a kinky bitch." Weeks later, a certified vial and packaged needles arrived discretely at a PO box in the town's one post office.

That troglodyte, Paul, was still my connect. We talked every day, but I didn't consider him my friend. He was a stranger online that I had fooled into facilitating a chosen puberty. Our relationship wasn't one of mutual trust, but of managed deception. When the electronic clunker finished booting up, there he was, blowing up my messages.

"Thinking about you at work almost got me in trouble," began my inbox. "The RP you wrote, I couldn't get it out of my head. I spent too long in the bathroom with it. Boss noticed. I've never lied so hard about constipation. I need more. Pour your arousal into me."

Entertaining him was the least arousing thing in my sex life. It was work, like a part-time job that paid in hormones. Sometimes he'd send clothes, too godawful to wear anywhere but on camera, abrasive fabrics that would fall apart after mere weeks of regular use. He'd been reading my roleplays for years before he saw any part of my body. I wasn't sure myself why I'd waited until I was 18 to do that. I knew a more foolish youth wouldn't have regarded the law the way I seemed to, the way I actively disregarded it in the face of Mr Rohl. Maybe it just took five years for me to accept that I wasn't fooling digital dweebs with some horny words to pull an elaborate stunt, but doing work for things that I needed. By my junior year, when my July birthday rendered me a legal adult, maybe I had realized the distinction -- and that I was willing to do whatever it took to get what I needed.

"What if I got you a corset?" my inbox continued, "Your waist is so little already, baby. You're my little clay doll. I've molded you so well."

Barf.

"Of course, daddy. I could be even more waspy. Whatever daddy wants ;) Maybe send it with the next package?"

"I wish I could send my whole package," came back instantly.

Eugh. On second thought, maybe if he chopped it off, sent it, died from blood loss, and I managed to get in his will somehow... nah. I'd have to explain it to my parents, or flee the state just to avoid them. Then again, with the money, I *could* flee the state...

I let the inspiration become the next RP. A horny widower goes to eldritch lengths to become her dead husband's fantasy woman. She travels the world to meet with underground doctors, willing to do what no one else would -- things that were, as far as I knew, medically impossible. The ghost of her husband looms in every scene, ethereally jacking off, like I knew Paul would. By September dusk, I'd hit a reasonable word count to earn another vial. I could edit it later.

"Another RP in the pipe for you, daddy ;)"

"I could put something in your pipe, and smoke it."

Hm. Sex work is weird. I didn't reply.

I thought about texting Skyler before bed. Paul made me think of him, not because they were similar, but because I wasn't deceiving Skyler for his affection, at least not any more than I was deceiving myself. It was a chore to amuse Paul, but I got what I needed from it. I never quite got what I needed from Skyler, but I was more afraid of admitting to myself what that was, than of trading erotica to detestable strangers for drugs.

Giving in after brushing my teeth -- my mom still in the tub as I stood at the bathroom sink, singing "Billy~ Billy~ Billy~" in an idle tuneless way -- I laid down in bed with my phone and texted, "u up?"

A few minutes later, "ya. sup"

"do you think jay and silent bob cuddle"

"what" he replied instantly. Then, "idk. why"

"i like when we cuddle"

"like when we're watching a movie and you're getting in the way of the popcorn?"

"yeah"

"dude. popcorn is cinema sacred. come on"

"you don't seem to mind"

"cuz i'm trying to focus on the movie bro"

"what if we turned the movie off? just cuddled"

"huh" he sent. A minute later, "sure"

"i'd like that"

He didn't reply for a while, and I fell asleep. In the morning I read his last text:

"faggot"
